Call for Papers
IEEE NetSoft 2021

The 7th IEEE International Conference on Network Softwarization
“Accelerating Network Softwarization in the Cognitive Age"

June 28 - July 2, 2021, Tokyo, Japan

http://ieee-netsoft.org
********************************************************************************

***Important Dates*** Paper submission deadline: ***December 14, 2020***
Acceptance notification: March 8, 2021 Camera-ready paper: April 11, 2021


***Scope*** Over the years, software has become  the core value provider
in the telecommuni-
cations industry. Boosted by scientific breakthroughs, continuous
innovation and stringent  requirements  for new services,  network
softwarization  is currently transforming telecommunications  and
networking industry and is bringing several opportunities, while raising
new challenges from both conceptual and operational perspectives.  To
move ahead,  cognitive network softwarization,  NetSoft 2021 will serve
as a forum to discuss the latest advances in network softwarization
technologies, AI-
based software-defined networks, autonomic networking,
intent/policy-based net-
work management,  network slicing,  and other  related research  areas
that are anticipated to radically transform today’s networks. The need
for  further advances in these topics is reflected in the overall theme
of NetSoft 2021: “Accelerating Network Softwarization in the Cognitive Age”.

NetSoft 2021 will  feature technical paper  presentations, keynotes,
tutorials, workshops, demos and exhibitions from world-leading experts
representing service providers, vendors, research institutes, open
source projects, and academia.


***Topics of Interest*** The topics of interest include, but are not
limited to: - Programmable SDN and NFV: languages and architectures -
Softwarized cloud, fog, and edge infrastructures - Cognitive and
autonomic networking - AI techniques to support network automation - Big
data analytics for managing softwarized networks - Network slicing and
slice management - Mobility management in softwarized networks -
Policy-based and intent-based Networking - Centralized vs distributed
control, management & orchestration - Abstractions and virtualization of
resources, services and functions - Service Function Chaining -
Container/microservice-based network functions - Efficient
network/service monitoring in SDN/NFV - QoS and QoE in softwarized
infrastructures - Resilience, reliability, and robustness of softwarized
networks - Network softwarization for 5G - Network management at the
edge for low-latency services - Cooperative multi-domain, multi-tenant
SDN/NFV environments - Security, Safety, Trust and Privacy in
virtualized environments - SDN switch/router architecture and design -
Dynamic resource discovery and negotiation schemes - Lifecycle
management of network software - DevOps methodologies for network
softwarization - Debugging and introspection of software-defined systems
- Softwarized platforms for Internet of Things (IoT) - Energy-efficient
and green software-defined infrastructures (SDI) - Transition strategies
from existing networks to SDN/NFV - New value chains and service models
enabled by softwarization - Socio-economic impact and regulations for
softwarization - Experience reports from experimental testbeds and
deployments

***Paper Submission*** Prospective authors are invited to submit
high-quality original technical papers for presentation  at the
conference and  publication  in the Proceedings  of the conference.  All
submissions  must be  written in English  and must use standard IEEE
two-column conference template that can be downloaded from
https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html
Technical Papers can be of two types: Full papers or Short papers, up to
9 pages and 5 pages respectively, including tables, figures and
references.  Full papers accepted as short papers will be required to be
reduced to 5-pages length.
Papers submitted should describe original, and not previously published
research results, not currently  under review by  another conference or
journal. All sub-
mitted papers will be peer-reviewed.

Only PDF files will be accepted for the review process, and all
manuscripts must be electronically submitted through EDAS:
https://edas.info/N27856

***Important*** NetSoft 2021 is enforcing  a strict publication and
no-show policy, as stated by IEEE. By submitting a contribution,  you
agree with the terms of the publication and no-show policy as mentioned
here:
https://netsoft2021.ieee-netsoft.org/authors/publication-and-no-show-policy/

***More details about submissions are available at:
https://netsoft2021.ieee-netsoft.org/authors/

***TPC Co-Chairs*** Christian Esteve Rothenberg - University of
Campinas, Brazil Barbara Martini - CNIT, Italy Eiji Oki - Kyoto
University, Japan
***General Co-Chairs*** Kohei Shiomoto - Tokyo City University, Japan
Young-Tak Kim - Yeungnam University, Korea

