********** Call for Papers **********

Dear Colleagues

Intelligent transportation systems play an important role in the sustainable
development of the world economy. In the era of autonomous driving,
intelligent transportation systems will see disruptive transformation and
enable smart mobility. However, their success heavily depends on the
construction of dynamic maps, which further relies on precision positioning
of both moving and static objects, on the road (2-D positioning) or in the
sky (3-D positioning). GNSS is the primary signal source for localization.
Ground signals such as radio (UWB, radar) and light (LiDAR, camera), provide
alternative positioning means where GNSS alone is not sufficient or not
available to provide high-precision positions. In addition, the forthcoming
5G brings more possibilities of precision positioning by exploiting the
massive MIMO technique.

This Special Issue aims to highlight advances in all aspects of
high-precision positioning in intelligent transportation systems for
different objects, including land vehicles, pedestrians, unmanned aerial
vehicles (UAVs), underwater vehicles, considering GNSS signals, ground
signals, and their combinations. Up-to-date reviews and original works are
both accepted in this issue. Topics include but are not limited to:

*             Multi-GNSS receivers and emerging navigation satellite
systems;

*             Design, prototyping, and testing of positioning devices;

*             Detection and mitigation techniques for adverse propagation
conditions;

*             5G Positioning;

*             Multisensor fusion;

*             Cooperative localization;

*             LiDAR Odometry;

*             Visual Odometry;

*             Simultaneous localization and mapping;

*             Positioning with HD maps.



・Submission deadline: Jan. 31, 2021

・Publication: Immediate online publication once the paper is accepted.



Please refer to this website
(https://www.mdpi.com/journal/sustainability/special_issues/HPPFITS_SUS) for
detailed manuscript submission information. Early submissions will receive
immediate peer review and will be published online after being accepted.



Dr. Suhua Tang

Dr. Li-Ta Hsu

Prof. Nobuaki Kubo

Guest Editors