
Dear Colleague,

Special issue: Smart Cities and Smart Traffic: Sensors, IoT, and
Intelligence
Link: https://www.mdpi.com/journal/sensors/special_issues/SMST
Guest Editors: Prof. Dr. Enrique Alba and Dr. Zakaria Abdelmoiz Dahi

In this Special Issue, we welcome applications focusing on data
acquisition, use, and service delivery for the materialization of the
smart city concept with an emphasis on the smart traffic axis (e.g., jam
avoidance, safety, pollution reduction, city organization, etc.). We
encourage works making an original and out-of-the-box use of deep
learning, artificial intelligence, city microsimulation, bio-inspired
algorithms, special hardware, etc.

The submission deadline is 30 September 2021. If more time needed,
please just let us know. All submissions are peer-reviewed and accepted
papers will be published immediately. If you plan to contribute, don't
hesitate to contact us.

Sensors is covered by leading indexing services, including the Science
Citation Index Expanded (Web of Science), PubMed/MEDLINE, Scopus,
Chemical Abstracts, INSPEC, and CAB Abstracts. The latest Impact Factor
for the year 2019 is 3.275, and the five-year Impact Factor is 3.427.

Sensors is fully open access. Open access (unlimited and free access by
readers) increases publicity and promotes more frequent citations, as
indicated by several studies. Open access is supported by the authors
and their institutes. Article Processing Charges of CHF 2200 (APC) apply
to accepted papers. You may be intitled a discount if you have
previously received a discount code.

If you plan to submit or should you have any questions, please feel free
to contact xanthe.du@mdpi.com.

--
Best regards,
Ms. Xanthe Du
Section Managing Editor
Sensors (http://www.mdpi.com/journal/sensors)

Sensors Impact Factor 2019: 3.275



